doc: Added migration guide for UICR configuration on nRF54H (#23455)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_uicr_nRF54H20.rst

Reviewer: We now have a build system integration in sysbuild that does the `nrf-regtool uicr-migrate` command automatically at build time, so for most users it should not be necessary to do these manual steps

.. _migration_uicr_nRF54H20:

Migrating nRF54H20 SoC UICR HEX Files from SUIT to IronSide SE
##############################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> On the nRF54H20 SoC, any application running on a local domain must configure the User Information Configuration Registers (UICRs) registers for the domain its running onto.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the nRF54H20 SoC, any application running on a local domain must configure the User Information Configuration Registers (UICRs) registers for the domain.
```

As the nRF54H20 SoC migrated from SUIT to IronSide SE, the UICR configuration format changed.

Migrating an existing application
*********************************

> The following steps show how to migrate the configuration of the UICRs from being SUIT-compatible to IronSide-SE-compatible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps show how to migrate the configuration of the UICRs from SUIT-compatible to IronSide-SE-compatible.
```

> The Peripheral RSRC sample is used as an example of an existing application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :ref:`peripheral_rscs` sample is used as an example.
```
I believe you meant this sample.

1. Ensure that the correct version of IronSide SE is programmed on the nRF54H20 SoC::

        nrfutil device x-read --direct --address 0x2f88fd04 --bytes 4 \
        --traits jlink

>    The expected output is: ``0x2F88FD04: 15010107``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The expected output is ``0x2F88FD04: 15010107``.
```

#. Install ``nrf-regtool`` v9.2.0::

        pip3 install --upgrade nrf-regtool==9.2.0

#. Perform the CMake configuration stage of the build process for the application you want to port to IronSide SE, using the non-IronSide-SE variant of the application::

        west build -d ~/ncs/build_app -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp --cmake-only \
        ~/ncs/nrf/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_rscs --pristine

> #. Input all generated UICR HEX files to the ``nrf-regtool uicr-migrate`` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Add all generated UICR HEX files to the ``nrf-regtool uicr-migrate`` command.
```

   The output file is stored in the source directory of the target application::

        export PYTHONPATH="$(west topdir)/zephyr/scripts/dts/python-devicetree/src"\
                    nrf-regtool uicr-migrate \
                    --uicr-hex-file ~/ncs/build_app/peripheral_rscs/zephyr/uicr.hex \
                    --uicr-hex-file ~/ncs/build_app/ipc_radio/zephyr/uicr.hex \
                    --edt-pickle-file ~/ncs/build_app/peripheral_rscs/zephyr/edt.pickle
                    --output-periphconf-file ~/ncs/nrf/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_rscs/src/my_periphconf.c

   .. note::

>       This output file must be regenerated whenever changes are made to the project's devicetree source (DTS) files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You must regenerate this output file whenever you make changes in the project's devicetree source (DTS) files.
```

> #. Update the application ``CMakeLists.txt`` to include the :file:`my_periphconf.c` source file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Update the application's :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file to include the :file:`my_periphconf.c` source file:
```
